then the doctor marc me hello a 2d
t one to a tear of the right leg
ok good under the knee to russia a
half blood pockets on board agree
vital signs temperature 36% 20.4 to
stormy but not a job getting
put to work drugs either
mac just sancy gard
hello I'm the doctor x or have
you wrong and tell me all around
agreeing the two ranges to others
injured received 25 thousand ketamine
I think they also ended it in
morphine on the spot in match I do not know
too much how so fine and khatami signs
vital stable all the time on the
blood pressure on appointment you must
blood showcase high the voltage a64
she rocks the pocket at the intra perf
bone
we will see what it gives a fat side
do not scare them I want a
nobody on that leg a single
basin museum getty someone can me
say when the block remembers I'm
information
I
it will take ketamine
lay a strong femoral way of the groups
blood and antibody research it goes
need a lot of blood I had
never seen such leg wounds
straight snatched soft tissue loss on
the left leg
it's really his humility
to go go we give him another 50 of
ketamine please we go the cub and
as soon as the blood pressure will be
good ok
he